How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    it help because:
    
    1. It reduce the time by examing the the difference instead of
    skiming through all the content of both version of the file.
    
    2. Automation of finding the difference's process.
    

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    1. As it (the access to the entire history of a file) provides me
    the ability of going back to point in time when the code was
    working correctly.

    2. Restoring some old feature in the app that was abondent in the
    new version.

    3. Doing data analisys on the app development through time to help
    making decision, for future decision

    4. Code recycling as it facilitate the reuse of old code in new one.
    
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    1. helps to save just the necessary changes.
    2. reduce the amount of history size.
    3. make the diff process more nite and effeciant
    4. could be a miss specially if we forget to commit for a long period

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    1. As git aim primerly for progremmers it take care of their projects that
    often compsed of multiple file those are iterrelated to each other what
    impose the multiple trake to keep the logical band when examing problems
    in the code.

    2. Other VCS like Google Docs take care of files separately as the
    files working with have no interrlation in their functionality
    rather than writing material.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   we use "git log" to list all commit avaliable in git repository, while
   we use "git diff" to find the difference and thus changes that had been made

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    by miss the right commit at the right time
    

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
